---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Week 19 Weekly Meeting 3"
---

##### Attendees:
Amit Singh, Matthew Yeo, Erwin Leonardy, Harpreet Kang

##### Time:
0830pm - 1700pm

##### Location: 
SIM Campus

##### Meeting Agenda:
1. Presentation Flow

##### 1) Agenda item: Presentation Flow
- Goals, Introduction, Why VSignIt? : Amit
- How is it done : Matthew
- Features & What VSignIt offers? : Harpreet
- Architecture, Live Demo Commentator : Erwin
 - Bank account (H) has been created by default. However, if you were to conceptualize the idea, you can actually come up with a subscription-based plan where bank can signup to use our service.
 - Client would need to create a new user account (A and M)
   - Matthew will create an account for Mr. Tan (Desktop)
   - Amit will be using Ash account (Mobile)
- Client (A and M) already have accounts with banks (e.g. bank account with DBS), thus now we have to create an association between their VSignIT account and their actual bank account
- Thus, the Client (A and M) would have to go down to their respective bank branch, where the bank’s employee (H) will aid with creating this association -- This feature is available to the bank employee under a tab called “Share Generation”.
   - Open up Firebase (H) to show Bank and Client Share.
- Client (M) would sign the cheque by using an image of his cheque from the PC.
- Client (A) would take and upload a picture of his cheque to be signed.
- Client (M) will receive an email notification about the recent signing of cheque. Client (A) will also receive such email. Client (M) will show that he received an email notification regarding the signing of the cheque.
- Bank (H) will verify (Share Reconstruction) both Client (M) and Client (A) cheques. Bank (H) will show the reconstructed signatures.
- Client (M) will receive an email notification about the outcome status of the  cheque. Client (A) will also receive such email. Client (M) will show that he received an email notification regarding cheque outcome status.
- Bank (H) will showcase learning tools
- Demo END.

##### Next Meeting Agenda: N/A
