---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Week 19 Weekly Meeting 1"
---

##### Attendees:
Amit Singh, Matthew Yeo, Erwin Leonardy, Harpreet Kang

##### Time:
1030am - 0500pm

##### Location: 
Coffee Bean @ Suntec City

##### Meeting Agenda:
1. Technical Manual
2. User Manual
3. Powerpoint Slides
4. Enhancements

##### 1) Agenda item: Technical Manual
- Risk Assessment review
- Activity Textual review
- State Textual review
- References

##### 2) Agenda item: User Manual
- Check grammer and finalise User Manual

##### 3) Agenda item: Powerpoint Slides
- What is a cheque?
- Contemporary cheque signing
- Features of our product
- Future enhancements
- Question and Answers
  - Goal Alignment:
    - We created a simulation to demonstrate how visual cryptography can be effectively applied in real world applications; the simulation encompasses the process by which individuals interact with banking systems to get their cheques signed.
    - To educate people on the uses and advantages of visual cryptography, so as to raise awareness and increase its real world applications.
  - Feasibility:
    - The goal of our project is primarily to showcase that visual cryptography is a viable method of encryption. We attempt to simulate the banking application accordingly, but it is not our intention to implement our application in the banking system as the banking laws in Singapore are rather strict, relative to other countries. Thus through the application, the goal is to demonstrate how visual cryptography can be utilized in industries.
  - Difference from current practices in banking industry (and why Visual Cryptography):
    - One of the problems faced by the current system is fraud, as shown in slides. Visual cryptography can mitigate this problem by ensuring that the authentication is done through the shares rather than the handwritten signature. Handwritten shares open room for inconsistencies while visual cryptography provides a more systematic system
  - How do you earn money with it :
    - As our current product is a simulation, it will be available at no cost. Once the implementation is full fledge, we will introduce a tier pricing scheme to suit the customers needs

##### 4) Agenda item: Future Enhancements
- Image recognition
  - This will enable us to pick up and identify certain markers on documents and make it possible to differentiate between document types. 
  - This will enable the program to identify which document is a cheque or a legal document, etc. 
  - Usage of OCR (Optical Character Recognition)
    - Pinpoint where is the correct place to sign a signature.
    - Make our application much more flexible, sign more types of documents. 
- K out of N shares
  - Does not require original number of shares to reveal the original image.
    - Allows us to create a joint account signature scheme, where if there are multiple account holders for a single account, only n number of users would be required to sign the cheque.
- Additional learning tool
  - Add more educational tools
    - Full-fledged game application
    - Video tutorials
    - User account that tracks the progress of the users’ learning journey and incentivize the users to continue learning

##### Next Meeting Agenda
- Meeting with Supervisor
