---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Week 19 Weekly Meeting 2"
---

##### Attendees:
Amit Singh, Matthew Yeo, Erwin Leonardy, Harpreet Kang, Mr. Premarajan Ponnambath

##### Time:
0700pm - 0800pm

##### Location: 
SIM Campus

##### Meeting Agenda:
1. Project Review

##### 1) Agenda item: Project Review

- This wil help us to pick up and identify certain inconsistency we may have during presentation:
  - Each aspect will be covered by one area to ensure presentation flow.
  - Website URL to be typed during demo and showcase .
  - Mention that QR code can be scanned to view website, add URL for website in slide.
  - Constraints that our product has should be clear: We can only handle within a bank - e.g. dbs to dbs.
  - Presentation must clear, ensure no ambiguity with what is said, e.g. customer already has accounts and thus an association must be created, rest will be a remote process.
  - Our application is a separate entity from the Bank, i.e. the workflow and bank database.
  - Might need to show accessor that our shares are encrypted and securely store in the database.
  - Remove encryption to show the accessor that the decryption of the overlay shares is not fake.
    - Suggestions:
      - Each Bank admin staff to have their own account instead of all of using a centralised one.
      - Using a form of identification (NRIC) as a username to for easy referencing. However, law of collection of NRIC is stringent (https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/collecting-nric-numbers-and-making-copies-of-the-identity-card-will-be-illegal-from-sept-1).
- Scripts for slide (to ensure what we say is in a clearer manner).
