---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Week 1 Weekly Meeting"
---

##### Attendees:
Amit Singh, Matthew Yeo, Erwin Leonardy, Harpreet Kang

##### Time:
0800am - 1130am

##### Location: 
SIM HQ

##### Meeting Agenda:
1. Project kickoff
2. Project Environment
3. Problem Statement Discussion
4. Deliverables

##### 1) Agenda item: Project Environment
The group has discussed and agreed to use Python 3.7.1 as the platform for develo	pment as it provides ease of application. An extension of python, flask, will be utilized as the micro framework.
We are planning to use Slack as our main communication platform and Trello to keep track of the team’s progress.
A Github private repository would also be set up to facilitate the code distribution process.

##### 2) Agenda item: Problem Statement Discussion
Erwin briefed the team on visual cryptography. Explaining his current understanding. Also informing the team on what other teams have done for visual cryptography so as to avoid unoriginal ideas. 

##### Ideas Generated:
- Image Sharing Website
	- Images are encrypted by creating shares. The image can only be seen when the shares are merged. 
- Secure Document
	- Security of work documents (PDF) by encrypting their image and splitting the resulting shares amongst the users of the document. Decryption of the document requires the shares of all participants involved in encryption.


##### 3) Agenda item: Deliverables
1. User Requirement
2. Gantt Chart

##### Next Meeting Agenda
- Consolidate ideas and come up with more alternatives
	- Consider watermarking as an application of visual cryptography
- Consider Engineering and Design Models and evaluate which is the most appropriate for the project
- Discuss process for gathering user requirements
- Gather material to discuss for first meeting with supervisor
