---
layout: post
author: admin
title: "Week 2 Weekly Meeting"
---

##### Attendees:
Amit Singh, Matthew Yeo, Erwin Leonardy, Harpreet Kang

##### Time:
0900pm - 1100pm

##### Location: 
Discord

##### Meeting Agenda:
1. Consolidate ideas and come up with more alternatives
	- Consider watermarking as an application of visual cryptography
2. Consider Engineering and Design Models and evaluate which is the most appropriate for the project
3. Discuss process for gathering user requirements
4. Gather material to discuss for first meeting with supervisor

##### 1) Agenda item: Action item review

##### Contact Supervisor
- Supervisor agreed to meetup with us on the 26 January 2019, 11.30AM at Subway, SIM Campus

##### Idea Generation
- 1) Image sharing website (NOT FEASIBLE)
	- Images are encrypted by creating shares. The image can only be seen when the shares are merged.

- 2) Secure document
	- Security of work documents (PDF) by encrypting their image and splitting the resulting shares amongst the users of the document. Decryption of the document requires the shares of all participants involved in encryption.
	- Can be done without even having an account.
		- It prompts the users for the n number of shares.
		- Subsequently, it sends the share to each all of the shareholder.
		- In order to reconstruct the document, you would need n number of shares.

- 3) Dragging and Dropping of image to authenticate
	- Server generates a random number image and splits into 2 shares. Any one of the 2 shares will be sent to the email that the user registered with the server. The user will upload the image sent and the server will verify after combining the 2 shares into one again. The server will show the image and the user will key in the number. The number key will be verified with the Server and if the verification is successful, the user is authenticated.

##### 2) Agenda item: Decision on the Engineering and Design Model
- Options presented were Waterfall and RUP. RUP chosen, allows flexibility. 
- Deliverables PIC (Person-In-Charge) : Erwin & Amit

##### 3) Agenda item: Gathering of user requirements
- Do you understand what is encryption?
- Do you think you would need to encrypt your data?
- Do you like picture based verification, i.e. captcha?
	- If no, what is your preferred method of logging in?
- Security over convenience?
- Do you mind people reading your documents?

##### Next Meeting Agenda
- Pick one of the ideas to be executed
- Finalise user requirements survey
